I've always felt you know I kind of said
early like a Peter Parker's or it's been
the one fictional character other you
know along with everyone else with them
all the cool field that I had I won but
I related to growing up and I went first
why do I see when I was to my first
Halloween and yes oh boy across the
board in every generation it's always
been something that's I felt close
personally I wouldn't play the role that
was never in question the four-year-old
inside me was like know you'll do its
role this man isn't you have a question
and this is my decision
and as are you using talent and and big
and hard I'm not gonna have you but yeah
of course I mean like either way it's
just like being an actor and I I don't
you know I was really scared you know
the crowds
I couldn't say no I couldn't say no to
ultimately I hadn't really couldn't pull
out the training medical training with a
with a fantastic guy called mondo
alicorn who have you ever seen you punch
him in the face for me I do living hell
so that was that and I did a lot of
great incredibly wirework and
translating and a lot of sitting and
thinking about about what life was about
to become for me it was it was pretty
terrifying for once and then we stopped
filming it was just like being on any of
the bill set was just the greatest
experience ever
I was actually spitting into it because
in fact this year like I get to be
spider-man that sort of all I've ever
wanted to be and this is just gonna be
gonna solve everything in my life I'm
just gonna be happy for the rest of my
life
and it's going to be really easy because
because I know what it is and I and you
know stretch every day so that's not
gonna be a problem
I loved working so I was like this is
gonna be great an extra tea it wasn't
bad there was news it was really making
everything all work and you know that
there was to assume the responsibility
of this it was it was a weight that I
didn't quite understand until I stepped
into the suit the action suit and yeah
it was to be here with you guys not to
show you footages scare me you know it
means it means a lot and I am it was fun
it was incredibly fun but it was also
the responsibility
I'm Andru differently business the
motion yes the mechanical um Peter Peter
makes me he designs them himself within
its scientific genius
yeah so ready he's finished like three
years making him sort of like the film
skips three years and he comes back I
can move any is not just kidding um
nobody figured it out through his
connection with with old school health
something tell you much mo but it's
pretty it's pretty awesome
I think it made the dislike I think it's
pretty rad every enemy know he was like
a hotline he was like he was like a
suicide hotline yeah you didn't over
much it was very mean you know you're
going through it it's pretty rough right
and you know some songs that they talk
about is the best kind of so he thinks
it made me think it as well no I didn't
speak to new shooting I spoke to him
after and by to get
message says romantic on the day that it
was announced
I'd be taking on the mantle of this or
this circle that is greater than him or
me and he sent me kinda gave me my peace
blessing which you didn't have to do I
it was you know maybe to feel okay about
about loving it and then I spent a month
or whatever yeah he's the best right
Toby Toby